triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
triaugmented triangular prism
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped cube
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
monocapped square antiprism
